Update readme (#6)
AndersonQ/go-skeleton: README.md

go-skeleton
-----------
This project is used as boilerplate example for the structure of a go microservice. A template to get you started so to speak.

A skeleton for go microservices was the core idea, so that's where the name comes from.

## Motivation
Besides avoiding to copy it from the last microservice I've written, a friend asked how I'd do it.
That's is how I'm doing it right now

## Download

Clone the repository or use 
```bash

> go get -u github.com/AndersonQ/go-skeleton.git

Reviewer: please remove the `.git` I guess you added back by mistake
```suggestion
go get -u github.com/AndersonQ/go-skeleton
```

Author: sorry about that

go-skeleton
-----------
This project is used as boilerplate example for the structure of a go microservice. A template to get you started so to speak.

> A skeleton for go microservices was the core idea, so that's where the name comes from.

Reviewer: 👍

## Motivation
Besides avoiding to copy it from the last microservice I've written, a friend asked how I'd do it.
That's is how I'm doing it right now

## Download

Clone the repository using 

> ### SSH

Reviewer: I believe the git part can be omitted. I believe it's ok to assume whoever is seen this repo know how to clone it

Author: Yes that's true, but it fills the section with life. Just putting the command there makes it look empty. And if you help even 1 person with the commands, that would already be enough.
But if you want, I'll remove the cloning section.

Reviewer: I'd like to remove the cloning section. I understand your point, but I believe it creates more noise than value.

Author: :+1:

```bash
git clone git@github.com:AndersonQ/go-skeleton.git
```

### https

```bash
git clone https://github.com/AndersonQ/go-skeleton.git
```
or using 

```bash

> go get -u github.com/AndersonQ/go-skeleton.git

Reviewer: 👍 
you need to remove the `.git` at the end
```suggestion
go get -u github.com/AndersonQ/go-skeleton
```

also you could add `go install github.com/AndersonQ/go-skeleton` as well

### Docker

Bevore you can run the project in docker, you'll have to install that, if it's not already present in your environment.

For further information and help around docker visit: [getting started with docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-started/)

```bash
docker build -t go-skeleton .
```

## Test

> To run a test use the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run the tests use the following command:
```
I guess you reverted this line by mistake

### Docker

Bevore you can run the project in docker, you'll have to install that, if it's not already present in your environment.

For further information and help around docker visit: [getting started with docker](https://docs.docker.com/get-started/)

```bash
docker build -t go-skeleton .
```

## Test

> To run a test use the following command:

Reviewer: `make test` runs all tests, so I'd suggest
```suggestion
To run the tests use the following command:
```
